

AI-generated content may be incorrect

Gareth Bew
 started transcription
GB
Gareth Bew
0 minutes 7 seconds0:07
Gareth Bew 0 minutes 7 seconds
Find.
Gareth Bew 0 minutes 12 seconds
Hello.
Gareth Bew 0 minutes 14 seconds
Okay.
TS
TEBOGO SEGOJE
0 minutes 20 seconds0:20
TEBOGO SEGOJE 0 minutes 20 seconds
Yeah.
TEBOGO SEGOJE 0 minutes 27 seconds
Hey, Edinah.
GB
Gareth Bew
0 minutes 35 seconds0:35
Gareth Bew 0 minutes 35 seconds
All more people are coming.
Gareth Bew 0 minutes 39 seconds
Yeah.
KS
Keshvi Singh
0 minutes 41 seconds0:41
Keshvi Singh 0 minutes 41 seconds
Yeah.
GB
Gareth Bew
0 minutes 42 seconds0:42
Gareth Bew 0 minutes 42 seconds
Oh.
KS
Keshvi Singh
0 minutes 44 seconds0:44
Keshvi Singh 0 minutes 44 seconds
Mhm.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 52 minutes 28 seconds
That's because we're going to 2000, because we're going to 2000. That was right. OK. Tyler. Yeah. Ice break. Tyler. This is a year older than myself. This was that what goes around and we was like, what? What is like? We showed him a tile up for like the one. He said, what is that? What is that?
Gareth Bew 3 hours 52 minutes 48 seconds
Did he not know that? Honestly, he was like, what is he knows about it like in main pictures, but I doubt he's at the time. I know is if I knew when we were demoing the identified stuff and someone mentioned the green ID book in demo and they were like, what's that?
Gareth Bew 3 hours 53 minutes 14 seconds
Maybe we just let the rest of the team answer the question. Yeah, no, we still have something. I can't talk to everyone about the telephone. I was like, "What is that? No, it's a telephone. They actually died, like, "Wow!" And then like...
Gareth Bew 3 hours 53 minutes 27 seconds
Oh, this other way. So, so we showed him. I, he's thinking how he's avoiding the work coming, how he can tell me because, so I said that, and he says this thing doesn't have enough patents.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 53 minutes 47 seconds
Welcome. Where is the rest of it? Like, no, these are all the. My name was AAE. R was second. The N was last.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 54 minutes 7 seconds
I was first, C was last, and then, can you believe we used to type with them? Yeah, yeah, I was like, where's the keyboard? I'm like, it's right there, it's all of it, and that's it, it used to last for eight games. She was like, "What? Eight games?" I'm like, "Yeah, what did you do?"
Gareth Bew 3 hours 54 minutes 28 seconds
Yeah, because if we know the game, you can send an SMS and answer a phone. I put that one up first.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 54 minutes 43 seconds
The code was also a thing called Mix It. Oh, yes. What is that? You sent a long message and the person says, but it's gonna get started. What about that Blackberry thing? BBM. When I talk about Blackberry, Mix It, and then that's where you had the whole keyboard on over.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 55 minutes 3 seconds
Yeah, so Tyler was like, so like he was born. I said, Tyler, this is a drive. I had to rock this stuff. This was Amazon, this was a cloud before. We just take the stuff in and just lock it. Yes. That's the definition of security right there. That was that.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 55 minutes 22 seconds
The security. I remember when I was in college, we had a computer course, but I have a certificate.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 55 minutes 39 seconds
That I could.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 55 minutes 41 seconds
Start up with the pre disk. Start the computer up with the pre disk. And then how to run MS-DOS? No. I had a certificate for that. That was the extent of the computer. I would run the commands. Run the commands. I was so manual. I get to know what you're doing. Yeah.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 56 minutes 2 seconds
It's like the internet when you hear the ringtone. Yeah, I had one of those talks with my wife's nephew. You have to struggle when he comes to a massive gamer. I just think of gaming back then.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 56 minutes 21 seconds
OK, because it was to download or how long you waited to get drivers for your GS. Yes. You have to go buy the PC for the magazine. Then get a little disc at the bottom. No, no, yeah, there's no drivers for your graphics and look for the next stuff for these things. Yes, like.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 56 minutes 42 seconds
Everybody just give me down with something, says "Dumb it," you see that fun? Everybody had that show me. Yes, 10 years in my language. Yes, the man. Even when I started piloting things, I know songs takes like a week and then songs.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 57 minutes 4 seconds
It's in the wrong file. It's a scammed copies of the guy, gonna get picked up. Some had a file of DVD's. I have people come to the side of the line. Amen. I don't know this guy.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 57 minutes 27 seconds
So, Cortana was like, was like, he was shocked with things like that, was it? Are you in a meeting? Yeah, we were in, we were in, you guys was kicking us when you were having bugs, and they were different.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 57 minutes 42 seconds
That's too funny. The title was like, really like, wow. You know what I was like, it's all innocent. It's like, what's that? And so I said, you know, the...
Gareth Bew 3 hours 57 minutes 52 seconds
Um...
Gareth Bew 3 hours 57 minutes 54 seconds
The corporate log is on the right hand side before the Microsoft thing. I said before now they put the pilot in the right hand side. It was typing for co-pilot. If you ask me anything, the other side they think it blinks and it's turned down before this corporate is seen now.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 58 minutes 12 seconds
When it was clippy, you know, on the top, on the bottom line, it was just like, now it's there, now again, I was in, I was like, oh my gosh, they're going back there. I just said, "Wow, it's at the bottom, like before that, how can I help you?" Like, it looks like you're trying to survive.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 58 minutes 35 seconds
Do you need some help? After you already saved it. You guys remember Encounter Encyclopedia? Yes. Britannia. Oh, and the guys that had it.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 58 minutes 56 seconds
Yeah, exactly. We had that. Yeah, you like pants because you're like number 30, whatever. I see you're lucky to be allowed to touch it on the mantle.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 59 minutes 15 seconds
No, you had to use it for projects, but there was no go in the library. And I was actually knocking on the door to sell those Botanicas of the Woest in the morning. Some volumes had two letters, but other volumes was like one. Yeah, and you could actually have some.
Gareth Bew 3 hours 59 minutes 36 seconds
It was quite fun. Yeah, it sounds like we all had the same children. Yeah. Very from Spiderman. To an extent, I feel sorry for you. I really enjoyed buying magazine. I love magazine. Send in the queues, check the post out in the magazine.

